**[Part 1]**

[[https://](https://kafifivicky.github.io/womenlinks)[www.womenlinks.org](http://www.womenlinks.org/)]

**[Part 2]**

This website is for a non profit organisation, that is fictional at this
stage and it is not yet formally registered. For example, websites links
of non profit organisations with similar initiatives are under, "What We
do" menu and please click on, "Our Network" section for relevant
information. Furthermore, the registered domain name is 
[womenlinks.org](http://www.womenlinks.org/) rather than Womenlinks
International, because it is short and easy to remember. The URL
[www.womenlinks.org](http://www.womenlinks.org/) has been configured on
the Domain Name Service provided by Godaddy.com as a CNAME alias to
redirect the traffic to the [GitHub page](https://kafifivicky.github.io/womenlinks)
of the repository where the code is stored .

Significantly, the ource code of the website is publicly accessible
because the fundamental values of this project are collaboration,
participation and inclusiveness. I chose
[WordPress](https://wordpress.org/), a free open source content
management system (CMS) to build the website, by installing it on my
MacBook Pro laptop through [Mamp](https://www.mamp.info/), which provide
in a single package a set of well integrated software required to run
WordPress. However, for security reason "simply static" plugin was the
best choice because it export the website into web code that is then
stored on the [GitHub
repository](https://github.com/kafifivicky/womenlinks/).

Accessibility in the design context refers to a website that is
accessible to people with disabilities. Therefore, "One Click
Accessibility" plugin offered the right tools and there is a green
symbol button on the right side in the header section and blue symbol at
the bottom in the footer section. This symbols will help people navigate
the website and their functionalities are for everyone.

The sidebar with recent post and comment sections was created to give a
platform for different diverse voices, so that women can share their
different viewpoints and perspectives. As for the content, the featured
interview and News stories was written by me and taken from my website
([planet.fashion](https://www.planet.fashion/)). TikTok social media
plugin is installed separately on the right side.

There is a privacy policy in the footer page with a summary of how users
data is handled and used. There is a use of Cookies notice and
Compliance for GDPR/CCPA. GA Google Analytics Wordpress plugin was
installed and Google Analytics configured to get analytics data on page
views such as, users visiting per country. Finally, "Yoast SEO" plugin
was installed for search engine optimisation to improve the
discoverability of the site and pages from search engines such as
Google.

The chosen Vantage theme give the website a simple formal look and has
easy functionality for users but some pages on the menu had to be
swapped around. Furthermore, the background colour is beige and black
with green highlight navigation button. The typography are size 18 for
the content page but larger for the menu page and the site title and
body fonts are Helvetica Neue, whilst heading font is Lucida Grande.
Finally, the website can "format itself appropriately for the size of
the user's screen", such as on a smartphone, tablet and desktop (Cooper,
2014:p.584).

[Bibliography]

Cooper, A.,Reimann,R. Cronin,D, (2014)About Face: The Essentials of
interaction Design, Indianapolis: Wiley.

Theme- <https://siteorigin.com/theme/vantage/?autoplay=1>

planet.fashion- <https://www.planet.fashion/>.

<https://analytics.google.com/>

(<https://kafifivicky.github.io/womenlinks>)
